hi guys so it is actually Thursday today
and I'm really sorry that I didn't get
around to doing product to the week
yesterday but I started my new job but I
got home when I was so tired and I had
this huge throbbing headache right right
here in my left temple and it was just
really killing me and I went to bed so
early so anyway this week's product of
the week is a nail product and as you
can see my nails aren't actually bare
today how crazy is that I never have
been nails anymore so yes what I wanted
to tell you about is this product which
I have loved for ever and it's just a
brilliant product so this is the product
is now envy and it's by OPI now this is
reach out as a nail strengthener but I
think it also helps to grow my nails
seep my nails I think are pretty long
long enough to file into square shapes
anyway and still have a nice bit of
month this took me about two weeks to
grow and my secret is now MV now this is
the original nail mV and they have lots
of different nail mb's now such as the
match nail MV like this one they're both
sort of frosty white colors but this one
looks a little bit more white than this
on this looks slightly yellowy but when
they apply they apply very clear this
one dries to a matte finish whereas this
one where it's shiny finish
now before I apply any nail varnish
whatsoever
I always apply two coats of nail mV
either one all you do to apply is just
it's just a normal nail polish brush and
then you can just swipe it onto your
nails as if you were applying a nail
polish and it's very easy to use and it
dries rather quickly
that's why lots of people like this now
stroke so I've just applied it and can
you tell the difference
this one's tiny air and this one's got
nothing on it so I'll put the map on
this hand so you can see that one as
well in each of these bottles there's 50
milliliters of fluid and they last
forever
as you've seen both of my nail mu
bottles are about half
but I use two coats at least every week
if not more
and these have last me for at least
couple of years now in the UK shops in
sally's yesterday I saw nel MV does
retail for around 18 pounds now you
might think that that is a lot and I
agree so where I get my nail Envy from
is usually an online store or abroad now
obviously you're not just gonna go
abroad just to buy a nail strengthening
product you can purchase OPI now product
through eBay and it is a lot cheaper
that way because it's cheaper in other
countries so if these are dry already
and this is the matte hand and this is
the original hand can you see a
difference because this one's a lot
shinier but this one still looks like
bare nails which is really great now I'm
being such a good face to work with
before you put your nail polish on you
can also use it as a topcoat and they
advise you to put someone every day for
me as long as like the two base coats of
nail and be down before I apply any
color on top it's fine even if I just
have nail Envy on it really works it
strengthens my nails
it makes them grow faster I used to have
a problem with my nails where they would
peel they would grow really long and
then they would split and then I would
pick the top bit off and that's really
bad for your nails but since I've used
nail MV I've never had a problem with
that and now I don't have anything to
pick because my nails just don't split
anymore which is brilliant there are a
lot of nails gentleness out there and I
have tried a Sally Hansen one when I was
younger but it didn't seem to work as
well for me as now then we did and since
I found out that this product is such a
good one for me I've decided to stick to
it and I don't think I'll be buying any
other nail strengthener soon I have to
say I was bad the other day and spent
some of my wages before I even earned it
but I went to Sally's and I picked up
two China Glaze
polishes now these are my first China
Glaze polishes because I've never tried
China Glaze because I've been very brand
loyal to FBI but these were on sale for
275 each so I thought I'd give them a go
this one is
your touch and it's sort of a really
nice pinky gold with God reflex in it
and then this one is just a really nice
bright red and this one is called China
Bruges and I thought that was such a
cute name as well and I went to gosh as
well I've been eyeing this for ages this
is gosh Velvet Touch eyeliner in bananas
and I've been eyeing this ages because
it's such a beautiful color it's a
really light gold color so this is what
it looks like it's really smooth and
I've had a lot of people talk about it
and cherry chair when I weight really
likes hers so I thought I'd give this a
go and because they had a three for two
and I got two more things as well I
didn't get to more eyeliners though I've
got some more nail polishes this is five
or six rainbow and I like this because
it's just like glitter it's just pure
lift I mean how cool is that if you can
see what the pretty colors so that would
be really nice to add a bit of flare
into your nails then I've got five six
to magic star and this is basically very
bright but Brian Agrippa and I thought
this was really nice as well maybe you
can see that but I really liked the name
magic star I mean hello I'm Ruby in
starlight and accessorize had a sale on
so I had to pick up these because they
was super cute there was 30 percent off
so there were were six pounds but they
were reduced to one pound 18
but look how cute is that little bozo
yeah that's all I got and I just like to
say a big hello to season who I met
yesterday and accessorized while I was
buying these she was super see she came
up to me and she was like I knew that
girl from YouTube and yeah it was really
sweet of her to meet me and say hello
because I've never met one of my
subscribers before and it was so C and I
felt famous for five minutes it was nice
to see you while I was on my lunch break
so yeah if any of you guys ever see me
around you know don't hesitate to come
up to me and say hello so hopefully I'll
be looking presentable but you never
know anyway say if that was product of
the week this week nail mV and you can
also get colored analogy that I saw you
can get like pink and stuff it's crazy
but yeah so if you don't like to just
have plain nail mV which I do I think
plain is really good because then you
can just apply whatever color you'd like
but if you just want to put a pink color
with the nail strengthener in it then
that's fine if you're an on-the-go
person and you like color but you also
like this nail strengthening powers too
then you can just apply that which is a
lot better but I haven't tried those
that's something that's next on my list
to try so thank you guys for watching
and I shall see you next week for
another product bye my tongues yellow is
from seventh lemon so it's not like
anything weird